# How might we encourage NGOs better publicise their funded projects?

One of the many issues with donations and marketing from NGOs, is that there is often a lack of connection to the cause or the impact that public donations make to specific people, projects and communities. NGOs often closely guard their data and project information, meaning that it is difficult for public donors to get a detailed overview and idea of the project cycle, proceedings and when are where public donations and project funds are used. There is a need for increasing transparency within the development sector, not only to foster great cooperation between silos, but to strengthen the engagement, participation and investment of public donors in NGO work and projects. Public donors need a greater level of detail as to where their funds are going and the current projects being undertaken and implemented by NGOs in regards to: funds, locations, project names, communities, scale & impact, time frame.

(just an idea) >>> As part of the design challenge, we will develop a donation platform that selects a number of highlighted projects each month from grassroots and entrepreneur focused NGOs that can provide a detailed overview of their projects and how donated funds will be used. This would require us to initially partner with a small number of NGOs who are willing to publicise their project details, and select one project that they would like to receive public donations to complete. By encouraging public donations on a project-by-project basis, donors will be able to scroll through a list of selected projects (showing location, size, time frame, community, impact, people, partner organisations and funding bodies, contracting organisation, $$$) and donate based on which projects and impacts they see as most impactful. >>> (think of an airbnb page, but for specific development projects, you can search projects based on country location or sector theme etc. and donate from there)